So what worries a CZ junior? Also special warriors as no. Like you. You
know, the first day of going with your ship, you're gonna You're gonna
select the ship to go to duty station on the first day. Sign off.
And what am I doing here? Why was I the guy picked to go? We all
smell their affairs and Social Intelligence agency. Okay, well, one
maybe picked you, but as you put it, maybe decided you are the right
person to go into that job. So we think you got the chutzpah to pull
it off. One. Talk yourself. Go do your job. And And one brother won't
step in a phone. Well, slowly is that far? Be it for me. I was told
that generals general heighten strike up if you want everyone to
be fire marshals Fireman. Okay, well, it's kinda hard to be a father,
Marshall. When father happens, it happens. You wantto look around
trying to prevent. But on the first day of a new command, take it easy.
You cough it. Confidence. And this walk they will be over before
you know in a second